docs(animations): improve the aio animations introduction (#42885)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/route-animations.md

3. Define the animation.

> Let's illustrate a router transition animation by navigating between two routes, *Home* and *About* associated with the `HomeComponent` and `AboutComponent` views respectively. Both of these component views are children of the top-most view, hosted by `AppComponent`. We'll implement a router transition animation that slides in the new view from the left and slides out to the right the old view when the user navigates between the two.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's illustrate a router transition animation by navigating between two routes, *Home* and *About*, which are associated with the `HomeComponent` and `AboutComponent` views respectively. Both of these component views are children of the top-most view, hosted by `AppComponent`. We'll implement a router transition animation that slides in the new view from the left and slides out to the right the old view when the user navigates between the two.
```

To begin, configure a set of routes using methods available in the `RouterModule` class. This route configuration tells the router how to navigate.

> Use the `RouterModule.forRoot` method to define a set of routes. Also, import this `RouterModule` by adding it to the `imports` array of the main module, `AppModule`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `RouterModule.forRoot` method to define a set of routes. Also, add `RouterModule` to the `imports` array of the main module, `AppModule`.
```

Just tightening up the wording here.

<div class="alert is-helpful">

> **Note:** Use the `RouterModule.forRoot` method in the root module, `AppModule`, to register top-level application routes and providers. For feature modules, call the  `RouterModule.forChild` method instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Use the `RouterModule.forRoot` method in the root module, `AppModule`, to register top-level application routes and providers. For feature modules, call the `RouterModule.forChild` method instead.
```

## Router outlet

> After configuring the routes, tell the Angular router where to render the views when matched with a route. You can set a router outlet by inserting a `<router-outlet>` directive inside the root `AppComponent` template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After configuring the routes, add a `<router-outlet>` to configure where to render the views when matched with a route. You can set a router outlet by inserting a `<router-outlet>` directive inside the root `AppComponent` template.
```

Author: mh.... are you sure? :thinking: 

aren't we mentioning `<router-outlet>` too often here? 

like "add a router-outlet..." then just in the immediately next sentence "...you can set a router outlet by inserting a <router-outlet>"

Author: Actually... if someone is reading the animations guide... I guess we could assume that they do know how to use the router already... maybe we could just get rid of the second sentence altogether? 

or just cpmbine the two like:
```
After configuring the routes, add a `<router-outlet>` in the root `AppComponent`
template to configure where to render the views when matched with a route.
```
?

Reviewer: How about:

After configuring the routes, add a `<router-outlet>` inside the root `AppComponent` template. The `<router-outlet>` tells the Angular router where to render the views when matched with a route.

> The `<router-outlet>` directive has an attribute directive that contains data about active routes and their states, based on the `data` property that we set in the route configuration.

Author: the router-outlet is a directive and not a container, that's the only thing I noticed and was fixing... but reading the sentence now it just seems off.... I'll need to think about this a bit :thinking:

<code-example path="animations/src/app/animations.ts" header="src/app/animations.ts" region="route-animations" language="typescript"></code-example>

> The animation definition (which we will break down in the next sections) does several things:

Author: here and below I wanted to emphasise that the next sections break down the same example

In the guide ([link](http://localhost:4200/guide/route-animations#animation-definition)) that's not made clear and got me quite confused while reading

(I wasn't sure if it was adding or improving the example or something)

<code-example path="animations/src/app/app.component.ts" header="src/app/app.component.ts" region="define" language="typescript"></code-example>

So, let's break down the animation definition and see more closely what it does...

### Styling the host and child components

> During a transition, a new view is inserted directly after the old one and both elements appear on screen at the same time. To prevent this behavior, update the host view to use relative positioning. Then, update the removed and inserted child views to use absolute positioning. Adding these styles to the views animates the containers in place, without manipulating the DOM.

Author: ah ok! :+1: 

I think I misinterpreted the original sentence, yeah yours make much more sense :sweat_smile:

> During a transition, a new view is inserted directly after the old one and both elements appear on screen at the same time. To prevent this behavior, update the host view to use relative positioning. Then, update the removed and inserted child views to use absolute positioning. Adding these styles to the views animates the containers in place and prevents one view from affecting the position of the others on the page.

Reviewer 2: Nit: `of the other` sounds better to me (since we are talking about two views here:

```suggestion
During a transition, a new view is inserted directly after the old one and both elements appear on screen at the same time. To prevent this behavior, update the host view to use relative positioning. Then, update the removed and inserted child views to use absolute positioning. Adding these styles to the views animates the containers in place and prevents one view from affecting the position of the other on the page.
```

Author: Ah sorry I changed that as it made more sense to me :sweat:
I sort of got confused and thought it was a different example and there were more than 2 elements, sorry :sweat:

> During a transition, a new view is inserted directly after the old one and both elements appear on screen at the same time. To prevent this, apply additional styling to the host view, and to the removed and inserted child views. For this the host view uses relative positioning, and the child views use absolute positioning. Adding styling to the views animates the containers in place, without the DOM moving things around.

Author: Yes your version is much more clear! :slightly_smiling_face::+1:

It is correct except that the child view needs to use `absolute` and not `relative` positioning :slightly_smiling_face::+1:

> <code-example path="animations/src/app/animations.ts" header="src/app/animations.ts (Break down)" region="style-view" language="typescript"></code-example>

Author: ah.... sorry if it's confusing :sweat: 

basically the same file is presented fully at the beginning of the section:
![Screenshot at 2021-09-27 22-21-05](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61631103/134987167-32a6bc1e-a82c-4e2f-bda4-1517a1828f10.png)

and then it's broken down two different smaller examples/explanations below:
![Screenshot at 2021-09-27 22-21-26](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61631103/134987291-582f36dd-86a9-40bd-a6e2-49da40c80762.png)
![Screenshot at 2021-09-27 22-23-26](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61631103/134987353-f4a079ff-174a-4518-a5db-64e751120542.png)

so I wanted to add something to sort of emphasize that this is just a broken down of the example shown above...

is this just silly unnecessary? :sweat:

> <code-example path="animations/src/app/animations.ts" header="src/app/animations.ts (Break down)" region="style-view" language="typescript"></code-example>

Reviewer 2: I see. That makes sense. We typically use ` (excerpt)` for that. Would that work here (to keep it consistent with the rest of the docs)?

> <code-example path="animations/src/app/animations.ts" header="src/app/animations.ts (Break down)" region="style-view" language="typescript"></code-example>

Author: yeah that looks nicer :slightly_smiling_face::+1:
